meter_reader/README.md, before:

# Meter Reader

Put a webcam in front of your utility meter and AWS Rekognition sends the reading over MQTT to a MQTT server of your choice.


## Config

upd_interval: value in seconds to be used as interval between data refreshes.

url: where to find the picture of your meter (webcam) - it will be stored temporarily in folder /config/www

user: basic authentication for cam

password: password to obtain webcam picture

baseline: current reading of your meter

under: max you expect it to go down during an update interval (where I live solar panels allow meters to run backwards)

over: max you expect it to go up during an update interval

aws_access_key_id, aws_secret_access_key, region: see link on how to set up an AWS account. Did not really see how to get your region, I use "us-east-2" (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rekognition/latest/dg/setting-up.html)

mqtt_host, mqtt_port, mqtt_user, mqtt_pwd: find and get access to your MQTT server

mqtt_topic: topic on which meter reading gets published

Commit message:

Readme update Signed-off-by: Jhhbe

meter_reader/README.md, after:

# Meter Reader

Put a webcam in front of your utility meter and AWS Rekognition sends the reading over MQTT to a MQTT server of your choice.

note: if you restart the addon you will need to update the baseline value.


## Config

upd_interval: value in seconds to be used as interval between data refreshes.

url: where to find the picture of your meter (webcam) - it will be stored temporarily in folder /config/www

user: basic authentication for cam

password: password to obtain webcam picture

baseline: current reading of your meter

under: max you expect it to go down during an update interval (where I live solar panels allow meters to run backwards)

over: max you expect it to go up during an update interval

aws_access_key_id, aws_secret_access_key, region: see link on how to set up an AWS account. Did not really see how to get your region, I use "us-east-2" (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rekognition/latest/dg/setting-up.html)

mqtt_host, mqtt_port, mqtt_user, mqtt_pwd: find and get access to your MQTT server

mqtt_topic: topic on which meter reading gets published
